Hansel minutes.com. It's Hansel minutes.
Oh, weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number four Oh three recorded
live Monday, December 23rd, 2013. This episode
of Hansel minutes is brought
to you by Tellerik offering
the best in developer tools
and support online@terikdotcomandbyfranklins.net makers of
gesture pack a powerful gesture,
recording and recognition system for
Microsoft connect for windows developers
details@gesturepak.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with his wife Mo
about relationships with the technically
oriented. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. It is
Christmas Eve Eve, and the
presents are wrapped. The children
are asleep and we are
doing a podcast. Hi. Hey
love. How are you? I'm
okay. Small life. How are
you? Very well, thank you.
This is my wife Mo
IMO. Hey Scott. We've had
Moe on the show. A
couple of times, one of
our more popular. One of
our, she had looked at
me saying in the third
person, like there's more than
one. You there's me and
Lawrence basically, but you know,
the Royal, the Royal Hanselman,
one of our more popular
shows was the relationship tips
with Mo I think that
was just episode two 14.
And then of course, we
did a show with our
little medical situation last year.
If you're not familiar with
that, go and take a
look at this developer's life.com
and you can hear all
about that and we'll do
a followup. I love that
our little medical situation. How
do you want, how do
you want to call it?
Yeah, it sounds good to
me. Well, you could call
it our cancer year or
you could call it our
little medical situation either way.
Indeed. Do you have a
preference? A little medical situation.
Sounds good. Okay, cool. I
think it was interesting that
you insisted on getting a
piece of paper before. Like
we were sitting here getting
ready to do the show
and you're like, I need,
I need a piece of
paper because we need to
write down like the agenda.
And then I said to
him here, take the iPad.
And you're like, no, I
need a piece of paper.
You haven't written on the
paper though. You just have
it here. I'm going to
write on it. When you
get out of hand, mid
show, it's going to be
quicker for me to write
the show. Isn't edited. Like
I'm not going to stop
in the middle and give
you an opportunity to write,
but your need for the
paper was really interesting. Of
course makes me feel like
I'm in control. You know,
like you were in control
of your flip phone that
you recently upgraded from. Oh
yeah. Well that's that's disaster.
So I mean, what, having
a flip phone or upgrading
to a flip? No, no,
I didn't upgrade to a
flip phone. Right, but you
had a flip phone up
until like April. Oh yeah.
I mean, I just I'm
teasing you with the paper
and the flip phone. I
mean, just like, what is
it? What is it like
in 1995? That's it? That's
it? Yeah. No, I mean,
look, you gotta do what
works for you. Right. You
know, I really liked my
flip phone, but I think
the real pressure came from
my family and what's app.
I just, the, the texting
application. Yeah. For most people
that don't know it, it
allowed me to text with
my family. Almost like, like
texting, except it didn't cost
me anywhere near as much
as it did. You know?
So that was why in
the end, I, I gave
into peer pressure and I
have graded, but yeah, you
gotta, you gotta do, it
works for you, you know,
paper, paper and pencil is
still good for me. It
helps me think clearer and
better and process better and
faster than if I'm using
my iPad or anything else.
So, yeah. Yeah. I mean,
I tease about that, but
I've, I've talked about this
before in my productivity videos,
where if you get stressed
out, turn off the computer,
get the paper. And if
you, and I don't know
you do this sometimes, like
I lay multiple sheets of
paper out on the floor.
Like that's the way I
get more resolution. Right. People,
people will say, Oh, I
need another monitor. Cause I
can't see everything I'm working
on. But what I'll do
is I'll print it all
out and then lay it
out on the floor and
then back away. Okay. That's
just crazy talk. I don't
know what that's about. No,
well, you've taken over like
the living, like the dining
room table is covered in
paper. Like you spread it
out, right? Don't you take
your notes and put them
on the floor and then
back away to get the
big, Oh, I take my
notes and I studied them
to get the big picture.
You've never done that. Am
I the only person who's
ever been backed away from?
Yeah. I mean less the
literal paper, but more the,
you know, any situation, right?
I mean, you and I
are notorious for our disagreements
when I'll just say, okay,
I'm done here. You know?
And I feel like I
need to walk away from
the situation slowly. Step backwards.
Yeah, Sure. No. Well, I'm
talking about like, if, if,
if things are overwhelming, I
don't know about you, but
like there's like Evernote in
one note and all this
stuff where you can keep
track of your life. Right?
Like when I get, you
know, you've noticed when I
get stressed out about my
calendar, what do I do?
I print the calendar in
the calendar and I put
it on the, put on
the floor and I stand
as tall as I can
or standing on a chair
just to kind of go,
okay. I can see the
whole year from here. That's
how you, that's how you
get retina display. Right? Right.
Big picture. Yeah. It all
together. Yeah. No, I hear,
I hear have I provided
adequate tech support to you?
You in fact have not
Hang on. So you find,
you find my technical skills
inadequate. Oh, I was going
to say lacking, but sure.
Inadequate works too. We can,
we can go with that.
Suboptimal. Some power need. I
go on here The nine
day trip or in this
case it was the longest
trip I've taken in a
couple of years. It was
the 11 or 12 days.
Right. Right. But it happened
to be back to back
with the smaller trips. So
it felt like a lot
more than, yeah. Yeah. I
wouldn't say every six months
you have a long trip.
I'd say every three, four
months you have a couple
of trips back and to
each other almost where you're,
you know, you're gone for
four days. You're back two
days, you've gone five days
back, three type of thing.
And it feels, it feels
like a month to go
on, but it's not really
a mine, Lowercase F but
we fight about this idea
of like, am I really
gone that long? And I'm
not like, I'm not like,
like these traveling salesman that
you see, it's like, they
leave, they leave on Sunday
and they come back on
Saturday. You know what I'm
saying? It's a couple of
days a month, but it's
consistent. But what happens like
you were saying is like
in March and October, like
when you have like build
or tech, it, they, they
butt up against each other.
They do kind of, And
of course, inevitably, you know,
when you're here, everything works,
everything is fine. And the
second you turn your back,
everything falls apart. And it's
impossible. We never reboot the
router. Except when I leave,
that's it? The Vontage the
voiceover IP. Every time I
leave, we lose the dial
tone. Yep. Yep. All of
a sudden we're sitting without
a phone with no computer
and it's like, okay. And
the setup that you've got
is so fancy and so
slick, nobody has any ideas
how to fix it, you
know? So do, do you
provide adequate tech support? You
do not, sir. You do.
I feel like it's really
quite simple set up. There's
a server in the closet,
right? That's where the files
are. Right. There's just a
small issue. That for some
reason you're unable to access
those files. Yeah. I don't
know why. I don't know
why, what it is about
your account that will not
let you get those files.
I don't know. We've tried
now three laptops for you
and all of them have
the same problems. So it
must be your username. I
don't know what to do.
What I like is that
you actually seeing it too.
Well now with the third
laptop, this is okay. I
get it. Something is wrong.
Yeah, of course. The other
two, you had this sitting
there quietly thinking, Oh, my
wife is such a fool.
You had the grace. Not
just said, but There was
a time when I thought
there may have been an
error between the chair and
the keyboard. That's right. That's
diplomatic. Then you go. But
no, I mean, you know,
I, I we've talked about
it this way. You said,
you know, you're not going
to get any better support
than with me. And I
think to myself, ha I
laugh at that stage. Let's
see, this is the thing
computers don't always work. Like
it doesn't matter whether it's
Mac or PC or PlayStation
or whatever, like stuff just
doesn't work. It's a miracle
that it works at all.
Frankly. It was frustrating to
those of us that are
not in this space because
so much faith is put
on these things. Right. I
mean, goodness, you know, it's
like my whole life is
now stuck on this machine
and I can't get it
out. So when you're not
here and it dies, it's
like, okay, so what am
I options here? You know,
which is frustrating. Then I
think to myself, you know,
it must be like that.
I'd be curious to know
what happens for your listeners
between a techie and a
non-techie it's like, would I
do better to just pay
for regular support tech support?
If, if I may finish
before you jump in there.
Cause I can see you're
getting ready to jump in.
And the reason for that
is if I'm paying for
the support, it's not going
to talk back to me
and it's not going to
look down its nose at
me, you know, this kind
of support that I'd get
from best buy or whatever.
It's gotta be more professional
and more courteous than you.
So you feel that you
would get better tech support
from someone at best buy
than me Better, maybe a
little harsh, but certainly more
polite and more, you know,
more restrained. The thing is
you'll you'll ask a question
like why doesn't like, like
you were taking a chemistry
class last term in school.
You're you're getting yet another
degree, right? Not that you
have a lot of degrees,
but you do. And now
you're getting another one and
you're doing a chemistry class
and you were like, why
is this not working? It
worked before. Right. And why
is this not working? Was
the question you want an
answer? But the answer was,
well, you were in Firefox
in another machine with an
older version of Java. Now
you're in Chrome on this
machine, but then you were
an eye on that one
and you need to be
using this one browser because
your company, your schools system
is out of date that,
that, you know, and then
you're like, that's way too
much history. Right? Just tell
me why it doesn't work.
But I'm like, well, why
it doesn't work requires at
least five paragraphs and a
history lesson and possibly some
white boarding, the handsome in
style and whiteboard. And usually
when I bring the whiteboard
out that you're like, okay,
but see, this is the
part that's frustrating. Then you're
like, I'm just going to
find someone else to do
tech support. This is the
thing in the nineties. You
could hire somebody to do
tech support. I don't think
those people exist anymore. You're
going to have to pay
someone like real money. Like
it will cost more than
the laptop is worth to
get support, to get someone
to come to the house
and work on your router.
No, man, they don't need
to come to the house.
They can talk me through
it because they will speak
my language. They will, they
will bring it down to
my level and not, I
think this is what happens
with between spouses though. You
know, we're joking about you
teach him how to drive,
drive a stick. And I
was saying, I just don't
think we could do it
without killing each other because
Well, it's just because there's
two ways. There's two ways
to teach someone how to
drive a stick. Yeah. There's
the way you want it,
which is efficient, organized, methodical.
You want me to say
lift your left foot up?
Well, pressing forward slightly with
your right foot. And that's,
that's the mechanical how to
drive a stick. Right. But
what I want is to
explain to you the history
of the internal combustion engine
and then how it relates
to clutching. Right? Right. And
through that lesson of history,
we will work together the
journey of our way to
the modern engine, which cause
you don't know what you
got to see how to
visualize the clutch and the
disengaging and the engaging of
the clutch now. And then
why too deep for me.
I mean, especially with a
truck coming right at us
know in that moment, perhaps
a quick 32nd response might
be Hoovers might save our
lives better than, you know,
the full blown seven minute
deposition. You might have the
bag, you know, prepared for.
I don't know. The part
I don't understand is how
you can argue against literally
like against the laws of
physics. Like we have arguments
at which at, at, at
one's core is gravity or,
you know, centripetal motion, like
stuff like that. And you're
like, no, that doesn't work
that way. And I'm like,
no, it very much works
that way. You see what
I'm saying? Like, how are
we, why are we disconnecting
at that level? It's one
thing to disconnect on learning
style. Why do we disconnect
on the sky is blue?
And I guess, I don't
think we do. We just
disconnect on the interpretation thereof.
I just feel like your
interpretation is this off thing.
Then nobody thinks like that
Everyone who's listening to this
show thinks like that regardless
of gender, there is spouse
and there is nontechnical spouse.
I'm telling you, yeah, this
is the case. And then
my jaw is dropping Shaw.
I'm telling you, I believe
there's a class of person
the first time in their
life that they made toast.
Right. They wanted to disassemble
the toaster and find out
sure how that toast got
made so that they can
put it back together again.
Right. And then there are
those who simply make toast
and have no concept of
how the toast got made
and you'd sit there and
take a moment to enjoy
it and appreciate it. Right.
But only through understanding the
essence of the toaster can
one. Nope. I can enjoy
my toes. Just fine. Without
understanding how the toaster works.
I just can Polish that
sucker off and be like,
Ooh, this was delicious. And
move on. I do not
need to Some tasty toast.
I put it in the
magic slot machine and it
popped out Brown. I mean,
I hear your point, especially
again, when we think about
like say all kids, right?
I was talking to a
friend of mine. So I
was raised not in the
States. Right. And we were
lamenting the test scores that
were recently announced on too
long ago, about how the
U S is slipping and
all this stuff. I have
an education background, so to
speak, not so much that
I'm a teacher, but both
my parents were educators. And
I worked for a nonprofit
sometime back. That was an
education. So, you know, I
always kind of keep my
ear to the ground on
what's happening in the world
of education. And now that
our kids are in school
and all that stuff, it,
you know, has become even
more meaningful to us. Anyway.
So this friend of mine
and I were talking about
how the U S is
slipping and test scores and
our kids are not performing
as well as, you know,
other students, blah, blah, blah.
And it was just fascinating.
So both she and I
were talking about calculators, how,
when I was growing up
in doing math, I mean,
boy, you had to plot
that sucker hand by hand.
I mean, you know, and,
and just, you know, to
get all those curves and
everything else, there was no
scientific calculator that do that
for me. I remember that
We did that too. I
mean, in the eighties. Yeah.
You understood it and mean
if you were able to
plot it, you could, you
could understand why, why you
were wrong. If you got
it wrong, where you went
wrong, as opposed to now,
you know, you just get
so used to using your
calculator or using your phone.
I mean, remember we had
to call my niece one
time she was babysitting for
us and neither you nor
I knew her phone number
by heart. I can't remember
the context, but for whatever
reason, We were having a
conversation about how many numbers
we still remember. I still
got about 10. No, we
forgot. We forgot our phones
or something like that. And
we need to call her.
And it was like, okay,
now we have access to
somebody's land line. What is
her number? We couldn't remember
because it's programmed. It's like,
Oh, she's number seven on
my speed dial. So it's
almost as if our minds
are shrinking and as much
as well. Well, one could
argue that the, yes, that's
true. But theoretically, for those
that are conscious and trying
to be attentive, that has,
that, that has released those
brain cells for more interesting
work. Right. So for example,
one would argue that a
caveman does not have a
lot of time given Maslow's
hierarchy of needs where he
doesn't have a lot of
time to go and make
art, because I was going
to say that actually that's
a new thing. That's actually
a good there's nerds, geeks,
dweebs. It's a whole thing.
No, I'm that person doesn't
have a time to like,
you know, deal with art
because, and higher, higher pursuits,
for lack of a better
word, I gotta get lunch
today. But so then the
argument is if you've got
Google and Wolf from that,
you can ask questions of
that. You can then use
your brain to like, worry
about other things, but perfect
example, we're getting ready for
the Christmas dinner and you
needed some yams. Right? And
I got a 16 ounce
container of yams and I
needed to know how much
that wasn't cups right now.
Here's the part where we
both agree that the world
is falling apart. Right. I
know the conversion. I just
didn't feel like doing it
in my head. Well, so
I asked the computer and
Siri told me how many
ounces is right. And I,
but in the old days,
10 years ago, five years
ago, I had to do
that by myself. I think
where we both agree is
that if you're 19 and
have only a cursory understanding
that those things exist, but
no real understanding of what,
the difference between a fluid
ounce and weight mass and
all the different kinds, then
you're probably just using the
phone as a crutch. Right.
So is it an exoskeleton
where I'm going to be
bigger, faster, stronger, better, right?
Or is it going to
be a crutch where it's
like, you know, I really
can't even figure out the
basics of cups announces without
these. And I think the
tragedy is for so many
of us nowadays, and we
don't even realize that it's
a crutch. I mean, you
just don't know it. You
are so used to using
it and having to work.
You turn it on. And
it works That I use
the GPS in the car
when I know where I'm
going. Oh, that's points. I
mean, let's that tells me
about the traffic. You don't
know that. See people, unnamed
people in your family, go,
go places and get into
traffic, traffic situation, traffic get
into traffic situations that could
have easily been solved. The
first thing I do when
I get in the car
is I put the traffic
part of the, the GPS
on. And then I take
one of the three ways
that I know. Okay. But
if there's a detour or
whatever, I'm gonna get out
of the way, I feel
empowered by that. See what
I'm saying? You're like, you're
like, we're going to Fred
Meyers. Why are you putting
the GPS on, you know,
the way I was like,
yes, but I don't know
if there's construction. It could
be a car on the
side of the road. Right?
I want that information so
that I can be empowered.
And I hear you. I
mean, and I think that
serves a purpose in his
value where the information is
useful, where you and I
sort of disconnect is there
is only one way out
of our house. You have
to take that way. I
don't know that I necessarily
care. If there's a car
parked on the side of
the road, I have no
choice. I'm going to take
that road with That oversimplification.
Once you get out of
our house and into town,
there's three different ways to
get to the store. So
I'm not gonna mess with
the phone while I'm driving.
So I get the phone
ready while I'm in the
driveway. And I plan my
strategy if I'm going to
the airport. Right? Like, remember
that one time, like six
years ago where I almost
missed a flight. And it
was absolutely because there was
a car accident right. At
the exit. And if I
had known, I would have
gotten out of the way
and I would have taken
a terminal totally different way.
I know that as it
happens. So this is an
example of, are you using
the GPS for the, I
don't know where North is
and I don't know like
that the sun sets in
the West. Right. Which it's
arguable that some people really
don't know that. Right. And
I, I'm sure there's lots
of like 15 year old
kids today. Maybe even relatives
related to us that couldn't
tell you which way the
sun rises and sets. Well,
I'm not going to even
touch that one because every
time you asked me which
direction am I heading, I
have no idea. You know,
But you know what I'm
saying? Yeah. But you, you
know that there are, you
know, the Cardinal directions. I
mean, just my point being
though that the GPS is
more than just the, I'm
going to blindly tell, you
know, have this computer talk
me right. Tasha in, right.
It provides all this other
context. It's a calculator. It's
exact same example that you
gave. Yeah. No, I mean,
I'd have to consider your
point when you say that
it provides value on the
traffic. Yeah. That, that, that
makes sense. I, my take
on what you were doing
was just kind of saying,
yeah, let me just see
what the GPS says in
general. No, I think you
were looking at it as
me, me being unable to
make a decision on my
own and wondering of the
GPS was gonna chime in,
but do you know the
traffic? No, I don't. I
only know what I hear
on the radio or whatever.
So Yeah. Well, so this,
this gets to this larger
concept of whenever you and
I are fighting and I
say, guys say fighting lower,
lower case F right. Not
major capital F. Right. Okay.
It's almost because we know
that each of us competent,
well, presumably right. We're basically
the base assumption. Nice save.
Yeah. Thanks. We know that
each of us, without the
other could potentially get stuff
done. Right. But if we're
going to get it done
differently though, and that's where
we get into trouble. So
we're in the car trying
to do something, get food,
go somewhere, whatever. Right. The
argument always comes down to,
you know, we're going to
go this way or that
way, or when you go
here first, are we going
to stop there? Or, you
know what? Yeah. So why,
why don't we just chill
and let the other let
whoever's driving handle it? Like
I'm going to get there.
It doesn't matter what lane
I'm in. Just let it
go. I will get there.
Well, I mean, at 15
years, you know, I will
get us there. You will
get us there for sure.
I mean, but, but I
think it's that perception that
sense of I can get
us there faster, quicker, better.
Right. I don't think you're
an incompetent boob who can
barely, you know, get himself
dressed. In fact, I think
you're quite competent and you
can't get yourself. I'm glad
that you feel that getting
dressed is high on my
list of skills. Right. And
you know, but can you
do it faster, better? And
can I help you with
that? Getting dressed or going
places In general? I mean,
I'm just whatever, whatever, getting
dressed as an example, whether
it's driving, whether it's getting
the kids ready for school,
whether it's making dinner. Right.
If I feel like I
have some insight that could
help us and save us
time, we'll save you time.
Hey, I'm your wife. I
love you DOE this is
what I'm here for. So
for instance, we'll be driving,
you know, we're at Costco
today. We're driving back. I
look ahead, right? And I'm
looking, and I don't know,
you know, six, seven vehicles
ahead of us. There's a
bus, right? I'm a smart
person. I'm thinking to myself,
Oh, Scott's a smart person
to mistaken Lee. In some
cases, he is going to
change lanes. So we don't
get stuck behind this bus.
And I try to say
to myself, okay, don't say
anything. Just watch and see
what he does. And you
know, almost every single time
you stay in that lane
and wouldn't, you know it,
then we get stuck behind
the bus and I'm thinking
to myself, well, we've got
all the frozen stuff. We've
got the kids in the
car. Why wouldn't you switch
lanes? And just get in
that other lane, the left
lane that the bus people
in the bus just go
into space. And you know,
that way we don't get
stuck behind it and we
couldn't get home. You don't
do that. So here's the
thing where we get, we
get a little bit you
and I think disagree, we're
on we're, you know, we're
doing something and you can
get me there. Five minutes
faster. This happens all the
time. Like there's a particular
movie theater that we go
to. And we actually, one
time took two cars and
I went left. You went
right to see which way
was the faster way. And
it doesn't matter who won,
but meaning, meaning Moe. I
know that was the one
I want, you know what
I'm talking about? It doesn't
matter though. Yeah. Right. The
fact that I won is
neither here nor there. Yes.
So that, that let's say
that, that, you know, there's
8.8, do it, do a
action. A and actually be
able to say five minutes.
That five minutes is not
as meaningful as the 35
minutes that it took extra
to get out of the
house. So we have the
art, you know, the whole
kind of getting out starting
today. Sure. You know, we,
we start the day at
different speeds. I'm not trying
to like throw you under
the proverbial bus that I'm
apparently following. But, but you
know what I'm saying? So
you're, I'm thinking to myself,
you're worried about five minutes
on the backend. Right. But
you blew 35 on the
front end. I could sit
behind the bus for a
full half hour and I'd
still be ahead, but would
you be happy at squat?
You see what I'm saying?
So my, my, my initial
reaction, and I think those
that are overly analytical is,
and this is just kind
of saying it in a
very inefficient way. So I'm
not saying it, but you
know, you don't get to
talk to me about the
five minutes that we're going
to sit behind this bus
when it took you a
half an hour to get
out the door in the
morning, but you seem to
conveniently forget stuff like that.
Oh yeah. I have no
idea what you're talking about
right now, but I'm saying,
so what I'm saying is
that when you're like, you're
wasting my time, we have
to go every second counts.
But for me every second
counts all the time. Right.
Does that make sense? It's
okay for you to sit
behind the bus because you
choose to sit behind the
bus and it's just not
that. And the minute or
two I lose there will
be made up through the
efficient use of GPS is
in traffic while you on
the other hand will get
out of the way of
the bus zoom forward, and
then hurry up and wait
at the rate of the
red traffic light or the
red light that you totally
didn't see coming. No, I
saw it coming, but you've
also lost a half an
hour. Cause it took you
that long to get out
that morning. Yeah. W which,
I mean, I'll have to
disagree on that. It took
me half an hour and
then that's another, that's fine.
20, 25 minutes. That's another
conversation because I mean, I
think one would want to
know what is Moe doing
for those 25 minutes? It's
more than just the get
up show. Well, that's the
whole, like, we're about to
leave the house. Is it
appropriate to do the dishes
now and come home to
clean dishes or get out
the door and you pay
for it in the basket?
Yeah. You know, and that's
the funny thing about dishes.
They will be there. They
don't do themselves, but they'll
be there when you get
back. Which means there's no
reason to do them when
you leave. But I mean,
at the same time, you
know, it's, it's more than
just the dishes. Sometimes it's
the butter. Sometimes the milk,
not the butter because somebody
didn't see it. It's never
the butter. I don't know
what that means. There are
never any, there's no like
perishable items on the counter.
I'm just talking about you
get up, you take a
shower, you roll out the
door. It's a six minute.
No, you got to pick
up a little bit. We
can't do it. When our
pigs said, we're going to
live in this day. So
we're going to organize ourselves.
You know, the boys are
not living in the jungle,
so we're going to comb
their hair. Yeah. This is
an absolutely us sitting in
the car, waiting for you.
If I may push back,
that's a little, it's work
as a team. We'll just
get it done in less.
So when you say work
As a team, that means
let's do it my way
Work as a team with
another woman's dread my way.
That's up to you. The
listener right now, The point
being though that like, if
he writes on days when
you sleep in, we take
turns, right? Right. If I'm
getting the boys ready, it
inevitably goes incredibly smoothly. And
I think to myself, why
is this a big deal?
But on the flip side,
when I sleep in the
same, presumably it goes incredibly
smoothly. But when we were
up at the same time,
the boys are almost always
late or almost like, I
mean, this year has just
been every single day. We
get there with like barely
two minutes to spare these
four kids. There's like, if
there's stress in the air.
Yeah. We gotta just see
that each of us is
getting them there. So just
chill out. It's going to
get done. I don't like
come over to you in
Microsoft word and turn on
the paragraph, Mark. It started
making you feel bad about
your white space, right? I
mean, I'm thinking it, you
know, you want to make
sure you're clear. I'm thinking,
no, if you worked for
me, you'd have been fired
long ago for poor use
of work, worldwide space. You
know what I'm saying? Like,
it's just like, that's not
how you left a line
of column. It's just not
how it's done, but you'll
say, Hey, it's left, aligned.
Same thing. It's the whole
ends justifies the means thing.
But I don't say anything.
I let it go. So
let me just So, so,
well, let me ask you
this then. I mean, Scott,
the engineer, the efficient guy
who has all these tools
and these gadgets, you really
would like to just be
left in the dark. You
want to continue to be
blind to the errors of
your ways. I not kind
of get that feedback that
says here's a tip on
how you can simplify your
life, make it better. No,
I'm all about collecting tips.
It's just come from your
wife. Well, there's that? But
I'm talking about the I've
already done the analysis and
decided that your way is
inefficient. If it was more
efficient, I'd be doing it
that way. I thought of
it though. You haven't, you
haven't tried it for awhile.
When I try to show
you how to do X,
Y, Z on a computer,
you don't want to hear
about it. I've been trying
to heat. You hotkeys basic
hotkeys for 15 years and
you have not learned one,
but you know that it's
hockey's will make you faster,
right? Yes. Do you use
any hotkeys? I do. None
that were taught to me
by you or whatever. That's
a whole other conversation. No,
on hockey's but you see
what I'm saying though? Like
people have their way. Yeah.
There's a lot of doing
their way. Don't you think?
In geek and mixed marriages
between Gates and normals, just
somebody has to chill out,
taking turns, chilling out, and
then it will be fun.
Why do you have to
take turns? Where can we
both be consistently chilled? I
mean, why must it be
okay today is Scott stayed
at church. I mean, because
someone has to take the
lead on any given, you
know, thing. You're, you know,
you go into the store,
like, you know, we were
going to the store today.
All right. Well, how are
we going to run this?
I think it sounds a
little bit more dysfunctional. It
is to be clear. We
have lots of we're having
fun Right now, the same
person. And we should do
a show in person somewhere.
Like we got to Costco
and I'm like, okay. My
strategy is you go in
a snake, formation through every
single aisle. Cause you never
know what you're going to
get. You never know what
you bump into. And it's
very efficient. You, on the
other hand, it's incredibly efficient
to just zigzag exactly the
entire thing. And you're going
to see some stuff and
you're going to pick up
stuff when you pass it.
When you say efficient, can
you break that down for
me? On the other hand
had like a whole traveling
salesman, pre fractal algorithm or
something, but you know, so
what I did is I
just said, all right, well,
we'll do it your way.
Yeah. And it worked and
we made it out of
Costco alive. I should do
that more in the car
too. No, I, I mean,
I think the point that
you made was well-made this
idea that when you do
it, it works well, you
are, you're capable, you're efficient
and you get the boys
to school with a minute
to spare. But by golly,
you get them to school.
And I do the same
thing, right? It's when we're
together. When you have two
people who are reasonably smart,
reasonably organized that are trying
to accomplish the same goal,
you end up with, you
know, tension, right. Cause you
and I are similar people
in some ways, not obviously
from a technical point of
view, but the big picture
stuff about how we think,
what we value. What's important
to us family, all that,
The values are the same.
We agree on that. It's
just about how we get
it, The execution. And we've
talked about this before, on,
on Hanselman, inside you and
I come at it from
two different points of view
altogether, we end up at
the same place. You know,
the boys get to school
on time. The boys get
fed, but how we get
there. But the point then
is that it's been 15
years. It feels like 15.
We're not going to switch
teams. Like you're not going
to come around and become
super analytical. Right? You're not
ever going to take my
way and say, this is
a good way. You're always,
you're going to say it's
a good way for you.
Right? And I'll respect it
as such for you. Wait
a second. You'll respect it
as such for you. That'll
make driving tomorrow easier as
you'll let me now you
respect it. You've said it
I've recorded it. So it's,
it's let it be on
the record. I didn't say
that. I'd agree with it
or No, no, this is
great. Next time you bug
me in the car. I'm
going to say, I understand
that you respect my way.
Well, so this is another
funny thing we should end
on that because we, I
told, I told someone our
secret and now we'll just
tell it on the show.
There was a time I
think when we did actually
have some fights and sometimes
fighting turns into kind of
like, well, you, you, you
know, like fully on you,
let's just say, and we
didn't want to say phooey
on you or you know,
much worse because it's not
very nice to say that
to your spouse. So instead
we decided to say, I
stand corrected, which means the
exact opposite of what it
means for us. So whenever
I'm completely right about something,
and I nailed it, like
rather than saying, I told,
so we said, I stand
corrected. I stand corrected. Which
means you're a total idiot
and everything. Everything you just
said was complete crap. I
can't believe you're breathing. You're
so dumb. It's all encapsulated
in that phrase. I stand
corrected and you can do
that. It's like dinner parties
and mixed mixed company. And
people like, Oh, differential gracious,
Whoa, she's such a debutante.
And then you look at
them and you're like, if
you only knew, if she
says I stand corrected, that
means that I'm an idiot.
Well, but it's no different
than your yesteryear. You know?
That is true. Yes. Dear
does not mean yes, dear
me. It means something more
than that, but yeah. Oh
dear. I always enjoy talking
to you. Oh, that's nice,
dear. Because you're going to
turn it around the last
30 seconds. Tell me very
quickly your, your fans want
to know what, what are
you talking to? Do you
have any, any, what's the
word I'm looking for for
2014 new year's resolution. Oh,
it's the same one. It
always is. It's always hanging
out with the kids, get
a six pack and one
out of twin beds. Like
I like a Tupac. No
I'm going to get, I
want to get like abs
again, you know, I had
them when I was younger.
I'd like to have abs
again, I'm working on that.
Abs would be good on
you. Thank you. I'm glad
that you're looking forward to
the amps. This is the
same. This has been the
same conversation. How many years
have I been trying to
get abs 13 years. 13,
soon. I'll have them. It's
possible. Yeah. The thing is,
this is the other thing
we've talked about is that
I'm really simple. Like really
simple. Like I don't need
anything. I'm quite happy. You
know? What's your motivation. I
just want to make people
happy and be nice and
watch TV and have an
Apple that's right. Half an
Apple. Is that too simple?
There you are a benefit.
Simple 10 bedroom by simpletons.
I'll keep you. Okay. Well
thank you. Do you want
to do the closing now?
No. Thanks. You sure. This
has been another episode. You
don't do that. No, but
thank you though. I stand
corrected. Well, it's done Bravo,
Bravo, right? This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we wish you all a
Merry Christmas and the holiday
season and all that good
stuff. And we'll see you
again next week.